GEGL-0.3.8

GEGL

GEGL

GEGL (Generic Graphics Library) is a graph based image processing
framework.

With GEGL you chain together image processing operations represented by
nodes into a graph. GEGL provides such operations for loading and
storing images, adjusting colors, filtering in different ways,
transforming and compositing images.

Operations reference gallery

    A page showcasing all the various gegl image processing operations.

GEGL Feature list

    The "feature list", a technical specification of what GEGL can do.

GEGL glossary

    A cheat sheet of terms used in GEGL.

hello world

    A small C example program source showing how the native C GEGL API
    can be used.

public API reference

    The public graph construction and manipulation API for doing image
    processing.

GeglBuffer API reference

    GEGL contains a powerful raster buffer abstraction powered by babl.

Extending GEGL with operations/plug-ins

    The API to create new image processing atoms for combination in the
    graph.

Getting sources, and building

    Links and information about various ways of getting a build
    environment for GEGL.

GEGL inheritance tree

    Generated class inheritance graph generated from runtime
    introspection.

bugzilla

    GEGL uses bugzilla for tracking issues, both bugs and desired new
    features.

Copyright

    Who made GEGL and under what conditions you can use it.

Further pointers for development

    Miscellaneous notes about possible ways of building and developing
    with GEGL.

If you read this on the gegl.org website you are reading the snapshot
of the documentation generated for gegl at that point. For further
information here are some pointers to follow:

GEGL source and babl source
commit log

    For day to day fixes, contributions and changes.

NEWS

    The NEWS file for a list across history of GEGL.

bugzilla

    for known and tracked issues with GEGL and perhaps see the

mail

    The mailinglist archives for some discussion and announcement.

GEGL development is discussed on IRC in #gegl (and sometimes in #gimp)
on GIMPnet (irc.gimp.org).

You can subscribe to gegl-developer and view the archives here. The
GEGL developer list is the appropriate place to ask development
questions, and get more information about GEGL development in general.
You can email this list at gegl-developer-list@gnome.org.

fnord
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Last updated 2016-06-13 03:04:19 MSK
